Xritter1 patch 1 (#71)
uc-cdis/compose-services: README.md

If you are using MacOS, you may run into an error with the default MacOS OpenSSL config not including the configuration for v3_ca certificate generation. OpenSSL should create the `jwt_private_key.pem` and `jwt_public_key.pem` in the `Secrets/fenceJwtKeys/{dateTtimeZ}` folder. If you do not see them, control whether your version of OpenSSL is correct.  You can refer to the solution on [this Github issue](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager/issues/279) on a related issue on Jetstack's cert-manager. 

> Support for multi-tenant (another fence is this fence's IDP) is available and can be edited in the `fence-config.yaml`. If this is not the case, we recommend removing the [relevant section](https://github.com/uc-cdis/compose-services/blob/fa3dcc95a4244805c7a02f315cd330447e189945/templates/fence-config.yaml#L81).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for multi-tenant fence (configure another fence as an IDP for this fence) is available and can be edited in the `fence-config.yaml`. If this is not the case, we recommend removing the [relevant section](https://github.com/uc-cdis/compose-services/blob/fa3dcc95a4244805c7a02f315cd330447e189945/templates/fence-config.yaml#L81).
```

See image below for an example on a sample Google account.

![Redirection Set up](Authorization_URL_2020.jpg)

If you have Google API credentials set up already that you would like to use with the local gen3 Docker Compose setup, simply add `https://localhost/user/login/google/login/` OR `https://YOUR_REMOTE_MACHINE_DOMAIN/user/login/google/login/` to your Authorized redirect URIs in your credentials and copy your client ID and client secret from your credentials to the 'client_secret' and 'client_id' fields in the `Secrets/fence-config.yaml` under `OPENID_CONNECT` and `google`.

### Setting up Users

> To set up user privileges for the services, please edit the `Secrets/user.yaml` file, following the example format shown in [this file](https://github.com/uc-cdis/fence/blob/master/docs/base_user.yaml). In particular, you should change all occurrences of `yourlogin@gmail.com` to the email you intend to log in with, so that you can create administrative nodes later on.

Reviewer: i would like to the guide https://github.com/uc-cdis/fence/blob/master/docs/user.yaml_guide.md instead of the base user.yaml - or both

Author: oke used the one suggested!

![Launch Portal](LaunchPortal.jpg)

Upon clicking 'Login from Google' and providing Google Credentials (if the same Google Account is used where the developer credentials came from), the system redirects the user to their landing page as shown below:

![Logged Into Portal](LoggedInScreenshot.jpg)

### Revproxy-service cannot start
If revproxy-service cannot start an error will occur. It may be useful to 
```
docker-compose down
docker-compose up -d
```

> If the error still occurs, make sure that apache2 and revproxy-service do not share the same port. You can change the port for revproxy-service and any other service in the `docker-compose.yaml` [file](https://github.com/uc-cdis/compose-services/blob/master/docker-compose.yml#L215). For revproxy you would also need to change the port in the `nginx.conf` [here](https://github.com/uc-cdis/compose-services/blob/master/nginx.conf#L29).

Reviewer: when linking to a line in a code or config file that may change, in general it's good to link to a commit instead of master, so the links don't die or become misleading

```

> ### Programs and Projects

Reviewer: it might be useful to link to this section https://github.com/uc-cdis/fence/blob/master/docs/user.yaml_guide.md#programs-and-projects-crud-access

users must update the user.yaml to give themselves access to create programs/projects _before_ creating programs/projects

Author: done

---
> DATA_UPLOAD_BUCKET: 'bucket1'
```

> ## Useful links 

Reviewer: we could also add https://github.com/bioteam/dictionary-visualizer
